Thank you, Mr. Secretary Generak, Unicef excutive derictor, excellence and distinguished guests from accross the world.
My name is Kim Nam Jun, also known as RM, the leader of the group BTS.
It's an incredible honor to be invited to an occasion of such significance for today's young generation.
Last November, BTS launched the "Love yourself" campaign with Unicef building on our belief that  true love first begins with loving myself.
We've been partnering with Unicef's end violence program to protect children and young people all over the world from violence.
And our fans have become a majoor part of this campaign with their action and their euthusiasm.
We truly have the best fans in the world.
I'd like to begin by talking about myself, I was born in Ilsan, a city near Seoul, south Korea.
It's a really beautiful place with a lake, hills, and even an annual flower festival.
I spent a verry happy childhood there, and I was judged as an ordinary boy. I used to look up at th night sky and I used to dream, the dream of a boy. I used to imagine that I was a super hero who could save the world.
In an intro to one of our early album, there's a line that says. "My heart stopped when I was maybe 9 or 10." Looking back, I think that''s when I began to worry about what other people thought of me, and started seeing myself in their eyes.
I stopped looking up at th night skies, the stars. I stopped day dreaming.
In steed, I just tried to jam myself into the molds that other people made.
Soon, I began to shut out mmy own voice and started to listen to the voices of others. No one called oout ny name and neither did I. My heart stdpped and my eyes closed out.
And so, like this I, We, all lost our names.  We became like ghosts.
But I had one thing and that was music. There was a small voice inside of me, that said, "Wake up, man, and listen to your self".
But it took me quite a long time to hear music calling y real name. Even after making the decision to join BTS, there  were a lot of huddles.
Some people might not believe it, but most people thought we were hopeless.
And, Sometime, I just wanted to quit.
But I think I was very lucky that I didn't give it all up. And I'm sure that I and we will keep  stumbling and falling like this.
BTS has become artists performing in those huge stadiums, and we're selling millions of albums right now. But I'm still an ordinary 24 year old guy.  If there's anything tht I've archived, it was oonly possible that I have my other bts members riht by side my side. And because of love and support that our ARMY fans all over the world made for us.
And maybe I made a mistake yesterday, But yesterdays's me is still me.
Today I am who I am with all of my fauults and my mistakes.
Tomorrow, I might be a tiny bit wiser, and that would be me too. These faults and mistakes are what I am, making up the briightest star in the constellation of my sellf.
I have come to love myself for who I am, for who i was, and for who I hope to become.
I would likee to say one last thing. After releasing our "Love Yourself" albums, and launching the Love yourself campaign, we started to hear remarkable stories from our fans all over the world. - how your message helped them overcome their hardships in life an to start loving themselves.
Those stories constantly remind us of our resposibility. So let's all take one more step. We have learn to love ourselves, so now I urge you to speak yourself.
I would like to ask all of you, what is your name?, what excites you, and make your heartbeat?
Tell me your story. I wanna hear your voice. I wanna hear your conviction, No whether who you art or where you are from, your skin color, your gender identity.
Just speak yourself. Ffind your name, and find your voice by speaking yourselff.
I'm Kim Nam Jun, and also RM of BTS. I'm an idol and I'm an artist from a small town in Korea.
Like most people, I've made many and plenty mistakes in my life. I have many faults and I have many fears, but I'm going to embrace myself as hard as I can. And I'm starting to love myself gradually, little by little.
What is your name?, Speak yourself. Thank you very much.