Wow, it's oxford. Beautiful. 
Allright. so when I was 15, I saw a video footage of Queen at the Wembly stadium and they sang Bohemian Rapsody, It was literally shocked,
first of all, the song itself, it was shocked because it was too long and it has too much changes.
So, i was korean, i didn't know what the lyrics were about. and I was not familar with the opera thing.
so like slow things going on and then suddenly it changes to the opera, and it says somthing Galilo.
and the rock goes and then slow goes on - and then the song is done. I was like... what is that??
After I saw that, for 1 year I didn't listen to music. because it was so shock and a little bit of scary.
After graduating high school, I went to the United State for colleage, and I spent 4 years there.
And at that time, it was the year of 1996~1999. That was the fist time I did my best in something. Make track.
When I was young, I was really good at dancing but not like good looking dancing.but you know, the dancing
My only interest when I was young, my only interset in regarding was to be attractive to the girls.
That was the only interest, but you know, I know, I'm not that good looking. So I've gotta try invent things hard. Like you know, talking funny, dancing funny, singing funny... do some funny things.
You know, I think laughing and smiling can be handsome guys. Thst was I thought. So I tried that kind of thing, so far a long time
And in colleage, I dreamed about to be a composer. And I wrote like 100 songs in 1 year. It was just for me. bucause I want some beats so that me and my friend can dance - by myself. That was the first intersest.
So I was 23 and I have got to make a decision at that time. So what should I do next?
So go on to be a composer or should I change?
At that year, the age of 23, I made my mind to sell my songs to myself.
That was the only way. That was the only way to be a composer. So i decided to sell the songs to myself.
And you know, like British, United States, Europe, like all over world, Korean also... Singers, Entertainers ... they are skinny.
and they look good, handsome, and even the're guys but they're pretty. Most of them.
So when I made my debut in Korea, it was like a disaster.
People didn't say "Who is that?" People said "What is that?"
So it was the year of 2000. So I made my debut and you can consider it as like a 12 years younger version of Gangnam Style.
Because It had, It used to have like, such a dance move, such a video, and such a shake whatever.
And people saw it and what they thought was "I think we can do it." "We can do Psy's dance."
Just like you are doing horse dance these days. So that kind of thing.
So what I thought was I can provide them participation instead of exhibition. So that kind of thing happened 12 years ago and I did kind of well in Korea.
So Korea is really conservative and strict.
And they have high expectation, moral expectation to the artists. I didn't know why, but it's really highly required moral. But I'm not moral.
So I think that's not an artist.
So last year what I thought was I've gatta make this 6th album. I've gotta go back to the first place, when I debuted whith funny novees, funny songs, funny dance, ... So that people can laugh.
Because all over the world, it's economics really horrible right now. And Korea as well was really horrible these days.
So what I thought was, as a 12 years did artist, that was a part of my job, to just make fun. By music, by dance, by video.
So I tried to make my song.
Honestly, I tried my best to be as ridiculos as possible. And finally, I got the song and it's a song called Gangnam style. So me and my choregraphers in Korea, we spent like more than 30 nights to make the horse dance.
It's kind of funny. but still, We were so serious to make the dance. So I released the song and video on 2012, July 15th, and I uploaded this music video on Youtube just for Korea users.
Some Korean use Youtube too, so I uploaded it for them. and after 10~15 days after of uploading... I'm really huge fan of Robbi Williams...
I didn't know why. But Robbi Williams uplaoded my video at his blog and he daid something -- I cannot remember the detail, but he said to his fans like "when you get tired or something, watch this."
So that kind of thing happened again and again and again. So a lot of pop starts, a lot of celebrities all over the world ... they stated to tweet my video on their twitters.
Each and every celibrity has huge follower and the followers came to the video.
And they started to make a disscusion about "What is the guy?"
So I was like ... honestly, what I said was at that time, WTF - What is going on here? What's going on here?
So you know, the funny thing is if i perform this song everytime, when I saw the people, I feel happy and sorry. I feel happy because they look so happy. and I feel sorry because they don't have any idea about the lyrics.
So isn't it great? They don;t need to know what the lyrics art about.
I'm standing at th Oxford Union, and you guys are listening to me. So let me say, "Shit happen, right?"